The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Your potential is endless. Go do what you were created to do.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Small progress is still progress.
It's not about perfect. It's about effort.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Your attitude determines your direction.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Don't limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
One day or day one. You decide.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
When you feel like quitting, remember why you started.
Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally, but what you do consistently.
Tough times don't last, tough people do.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
You are stronger than you think.
Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
The hardest part is starting. Once you get that done, you'll find the rest of the journey much easier.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Every morning you have two choices: continue to sleep with your dreams, or wake up and chase them.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
What you think about yourself is much more important than what others think of you.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
You didn't come this far to only come this far.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
Life is tough, but so are you.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
You are the master of your destiny.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Make each day your masterpiece.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
No pressure, no diamonds.
If not now, when?
Focus on the journey, not the destination.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The best revenge is massive success.
The only way to do something great is to love what you do.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Impossible is just an opinion.
The road to success is always under construction.
Your limitation—it's only your imagination.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Your only limit is you.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Don't fear failure. Fear being in the exact same place next year as you are today.
Be the energy you want to attract.
The only bad workout is the one that didn't happen.
You are the artist of your own life. Don't hand the paintbrush to others.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.
You don't need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
The distance between your dreams and reality is called action.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Make today so awesome that yesterday gets jealous.
Obsessed is a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated.
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
If you want to fly, give up everything that weighs you down.
You become what you believe.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The wolf on the hill is not as hungry as the wolf climbing the hill.
Every day is a second chance.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
Opportunities don't happen. You create them.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Your body can stand almost anything. It's your mind that you have to convince.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Don't let your fear decide your future.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
If you don't like where you are, move. You are not a tree.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
If plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
When one door closes, another opens.
We rise by lifting others.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days give happiness, bad days give experience.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, "I'm possible!"
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't, you'll see obstacles.
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
You don't drown by falling in water; you drown by staying there.
The momentum of continuous action fuels motivation.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
Create the life you can't wait to wake up to.
If you dare to begin, you have already gotten halfway there.
Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
The path to success is to take massive, determined actions.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The key to success is action.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive.
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Don't just fly, soar.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
We become what we think about most of the time.
You are the sum total of the choices you make.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
The only limits in life are the ones you make.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Each day provides its own gifts.
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
0 Motivational Messages
ssages 201-1200
Your attitude determines your altitude.
Begin anywhere, just begin.
Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
The only way to have a good day is to start with one.
Stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will."
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision something, you can achieve it.
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph.
If you don't build your dreams, someone will hire you to build theirs.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Someday is not a day of the week.
The obstacle is the path.
Your time is now. Start where you are, with what you have.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you thought you couldn't.
You have survived 100% of your worst days. Keep going.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
To begin, begin.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
We can do anything we want if we stick to it long enough.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Strength shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Believe you deserve it and the universe will serve it.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.
Hope is the heartbeat of the soul.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.
Your potential is endless. Go do what you were created to do.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Your dreams don't work unless you do.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Don't think about what might go wrong, think about what might go right.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Look in the mirror—that's your competition.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Small daily improvements are the key to staggering long-term results.
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
How wild it was, to let it be.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible"!
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
None of us is as smart as all of us.
Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Light tomorrow with today.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Louis Pasteur, Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and Albert Einstein.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.
You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
I had to make my own living and my own opportunity. But I made it! Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
No one ever made a difference by being like everyone else.
What we think, we become.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
Nothing will work unless you do.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows.
The times they are a-changin'.
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or objects.
Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Don't wait for opportunity, create it.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Whatever you do, do it well.
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Happiness comes from what we do. Fulfillment comes from why we do it.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
What the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself—the invisible battles inside all of us—that's where it's at.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
You can never leave footprints that last if you are always walking on tiptoe.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it—teach yourself to be impatient.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
The best revenge is massive success.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing—that's why we recommend it daily.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
The best dreams happen when you're awake.
The question is not who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Believing in yourself is the first secret to success.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.
There is no substitute for hard work.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Done is better than perfect.
You were born with the ability to change someone's life. Don't waste it.
Small daily improvements over time lead to stunning results.
The best dreams happen when you're awake.
What hurts you today makes you stronger tomorrow.
Always wake up with a smile knowing that today you are going to have fun accomplishing what others are too afraid to do.
Become the person who would attract the results you seek.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If it's important to you, you'll find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Take your dreams seriously.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but even more to stand up to your friends.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven't even happened yet.
People overestimate what they can do in a day, and underestimate what they can do in a year.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand.
Every time we choose courage, we make everyone around us a little better and the world a little braver.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Don't go through life, grow through life.
Don't fear change. The surprise is the only way to new discoveries.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Every wall is a door.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Life isn't happening to you; life is responding to you.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why we call it 'The Present'.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
It is in the quiet moments that we find ourselves.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Your task is not to find for love, but simply to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
What we think, we become.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
For every reason it's not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.
The best way out is always through.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
The future depends on what you do today.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it.
Make each day your masterpiece.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Either write something worth reading or do something